Sacred Trophy

B = Bad
G = Good

Nobody knows what their own identity is at the start. Number of good = numPlayers/2 + 1. Minimum 4 players required.

Rooms: Players cannot see who is in other rooms.
	Oracle Room - 		Two players can be in the oracle room. This room reveals the identity of two other random players to each player.
	Mirror Room - 		Two players can be in the mirror room. This room reveals your own identity.
	Small Cave - 		Two player size, nothing special.
	Small Cave -		Two player size, nothing special.
	Gathering Area - 	All players can fit in this area, nothing special.
	Trophy Room - 		Players can "elect" a group of 3 players to go to the trophy room. These 3 then decide to either touch the trophy or not... If ANY B touches the trophy then the result of that round is B.
						Since the room is pitch black (except for the faint glow of the trophy), the players in the trophy room also have no way of knowing who actually touched the trophy.
						(Should the aftermath let the group know how many people touched the trophy?)

Phases:
	Info Phase:			4 people get randomly put into Oracle and Mirror Rooms. Everyone else chills in Gathering Area. Duration: 20 sec
	Gathering Phase:	Everyone goes back to Gathering Area. Before phase ends, players can vote to either send 3 people of their choice to the Trophy Room in the next phase, or decline to answer. If EVERYONE provides a list of 3,
						then the next phase will be a Trophy phase. Otherwise, it goes to Cave Phase. Duration: 3 min, or when everyone finishes voting
    Cave Phase:         Just like Info Phase, except 4 randomly go to Small Caves while everyone else remains in Gathering Area. Return to Gathering Phase after. Duration: 1 min
	Trophy Phase: 		The 3 most popular votes for people go to the Trophy Room and can touch the trophy if they want. If ANY B touches the trophy, the round result is B. The phase after Trophy Phase will always be
						a Gathering Phase. Duration: 1 min after trophy has been touched.

NOTE: If there are less than 7 players, then the number of people that go to the oracle / mirror rooms is instead 1. The trophy room instead requires 2 votes.

First team to 7 wins.